# Preface

Source: http://siligurijss.org/preface.html

One fine evening in the year 1983 some youth  of this locality headed by S/Shri  Swapan Chakraborty ,  Dibyendu Sanyal  and  others    while one bridegroom party came to marry one  of our elder sister expressed his idea for some financial help for forming of a  club in this locality and accordingly the bridegroom party was approached for  the same and with great interest they responded and donated   Rs. 500/- for forming a club in this  locality. In the same year one of our well known youth suddenly electrocuted.  In memory of this beloved youth along with the donation given by the bridegroom  party our club named as  JATIYA SHAKTI SANGHA AND PATHAGAR  came into existence  and a small plot along the Champasari Main road measuring 4 kathas was arranged  with the positive attitude and help of Roy Jethamashai , National Award Winner  Teacher, Late Shailendra Kumar Sen and Shri Arabinda Biswas, the then  President, Siliguri-Naxalbari Panchyat Samity. Subsequently, with the help of  members of the club a small club house was erected and gradually the same has  turned into a double storied building. This   club is not only confined with social service point of view but to  achieve a outstanding force to maintain cultural heritage and tranquility of  the inhabitants of this area as well as a leading organization for keeping  green environment in terms of culture , sports and educational sphere with the  constant and sustained efforts rendered by the members. Apart from the members  of the club all sections of the society is very keen for development of this  club resulting opening of a  TABLE TENNIS TRAINING CENTRE  inaugurated by  Shri Ashok Bhattacherjee,  Hon'ble Minister , Urban Development & Municipal  Affairs, Government of West Bengal and notable cricketer of Bengal Md. Saba  Karim.